So the million dollar question how we can create this button.
Oh you might be thinking well we can use probably something like position work and you would be almost
correct.
However as we're scrolling on notice what happens.
So the button stays in place.
So why don't we use the position fixed instead.
First and foremost as always we're going to have to go the indexation email.
But since we're using again position fixed technically you can place this button anywhere you'd like.
Now I just think that logically this makes a little bit of sense if the button is gonna be sitting all
the way on top.
So why don't we write it here.
Let's say that there is gonna be a span and we could make this button ourselves by the divs and all
that but I think there's gonna be a little bit faster if we're just gonna set it up as a phantasm.
I do want to have one class and one I.D. So when I say nav Button class an idea of not a button.
Now the idea is gonna be important because we're gonna use it in jobs.
So that's the reason why I'm adding here.
The idea we could technically use the class as well but for now let's just use the idea for JavaScript.
And this is gonna be for styling and here that's right Phantasm now the name is gonna be a face f a
barge mon we're gonna save it.
And if we're going to head over back on the top notice that we're gonna have to text our.
Now obviously we would want our suggestion and we're gonna have our little icon.
Awesome.
Okay.
What's next.
We're gonna head over back to CSX.
And again we had our NAV bar all the way to the top.
Remember we had the nav bar as well as we had the NAV button.
Now in this case I I think I combined them both where I have the animations ahead of her.
So this is gonna be in the Virgin Skills.
I'm sorry I'm still navigating throughout Navarre.
There is no cure.
Let's say there's gonna be no bar but I can also add maybe nap button.
So I'm just saying now I've beaten and let's add some stars now obviously since we have the class in
just about everything by targeting the class.
So when we say first the heart beating then and like I said we're going to be using position fixed because
what I would like to do is as I'm going over then I would like to see this button somewhere.
What you're noticing right away is that as I'm scrolling below my a header where I had my linear grade
end and everything.
Now I can see the button how serious I'm scrolling on top of it.
We cannot see it.
So in order to fix this we would need to use design.
Remember that one the one that was responsible for Z axis and let just sitting here like something like
one and the moment we do that notice now we can see the button.
So everything is working fine.
Well since we're using position fixed we also would need to place it.
So I'm going to say top zero.
So this is gonna be all the way to the top.
The left hand side.
So for this we're gonna say top 0 left 0.
And let's maybe add some colouring so primary color that's gonna be green right now.
We can also add maybe a little bit of margin one our aim is gonna be Tom bottom one point three.
He is gonna be left and right.
So let's say one point three grams is gonna be left and right.
So it should look something like this.
And this is gonna be our March number maybe we can also make it bigger so font size is gonna be two
or.
However as we're looking at the final project we know this that this is gonna be bouncing and we already
know that we can use the animation for that.
So why don't we set it up.
And like I said before I would like to set up this now very I mean animation right here because I don't
see the point of creating it in all the animations and then going back.
I think this is just gonna make a little bit more sense if we write them here now for animations we
already know the key frames are hard a word that we're looking for then I'm gonna name might bounce
and I'm gonna have few things here.
I'm gonna say at zero percent this is gonna be scaling to nothing.
Meaning this is gonna be transform and transform and then let's read scale.
And this is gonna be one meaning we're not gonna change anything.
However I'd also like to add two more and this is not what I wanted to copy and paste.
So let's say 1 2 and now I'm gonna be looking out for zero percent let's say 5 50 say 5 percent 50 percent.
And you know what.
A hundred percent.
And let's just make this bigger.
And then we're gonna make it back again 1.
So for the 50 percent who's gonna here one point five.
Now since we have already animation setup we can right away right and we can say animation the name
is gonna be bounce of course some animation bounce and then we're looking for what.
Well how long the animation is gonna take place I'm gonna say two seconds then we can say ease in and
out.
So that's gonna be the functioning of the animation.
And let's also add infinite.
So the button right now that button is gonna be bouncing infinitely.
I also would like to add cursor pointer we're just gonna make sure that as I'm hovering I we're gonna
see that I'm gonna have my little cursor.
And yeah and this is how we can set up the NAV button.
We're gonna head over back to the bigger browser window just to check that it's happening.
And the neat thing is that we're all gonna be able to access our navigation all throughout the document
because we have the position fixed.
So regardless of where we're scrolling we're gonna have our button.